my "artist statement" if you will...

having become increasingly uncomfortable with the aspect of sharing really just anything on social media, i’ve finally settled on creating a website for my creative as well as personal endeavors hereafter. even long before i’ve really decided to eschew it altogether (with the exception of tumblr of course…), i’ve never been fond of using social media anyway since the idea of how practically anything–especially artistic or intellectual content–are so susceptible to corporate interests, biased algorithms, or public criticisms that their context and impact ultimately becomes distorted, sits uneasy with me. although it would be great to reach some sort of visibility with this website, it’s not something that i’d necessarily want to promote to a wider audience. as a matter of fact, one of the reasons i’ve started embarking on this project was to create a space for me to exhibit and stow my works while simultaneously trying to avoid the surveillance and censorship that permeates across virtually all content-creation platforms. could this little pastime really habor candid self-expression?
  i wish i did take the time, looking back in retrospect, to cultivate my skills in creative coding and digital art before half-heartedly giving in to the belief that i was simply inept at artistic expression through the means of computer graphics. although much of my website is still in development, having that framework already established seems like it would definitely help with keeping my progress accountable and hopefully, guide my motivation in fulfilling those longstanding ambitions. because i intend for this website to be an expressive outlet, i would certainly hope that nothing i choose to display there will be made a travesty of (at the least, there’s always an option to completely evade discourse that would otherwise be harder to sidestep with social media). i think my already tenuous sense of self-esteem can be spared from all that… more importantly, it also means having authority and control over how you choose to deliver your works in the way you want them to be portrayed, which i’d imagine, would be much more gratifying and fulfilling than to constantly churn out content on a platform that flourishes off of external validation. 
  as long as i can remember, the internet has always been a refuge for me–a temporary escape into a virtual landscape where the glamorous possibilities of becoming or creating something that transcends my physical entity are abounding. in a way, it is capable of making me at the helm of my own performativity, identity, knowledge, and power that grants the feeling of complete ownership of myself—it’s as if i really do have the faculty to harness my full potential that would otherwise be impossible or unrealized in reality. the fabricated world i seek sanctuary in feels actualized, so much so that my experiences and interactions online are an inextricable part of me, even if i choose to confine it exclusively to that space. while i have constructed somewhat of a persona online, i still choose to represent myself in a way that remains faithful to my behaviors/interests/beliefs/values in real life; the end goal is not to depersonalize or masquerade who i am, but rather to experiment with sharing aspects of myself through the safety of a personality. in an environment where anonymity is highly normative (and unfortunately, often encourages one against taking accountability and enforces online disinhibition), any information or details that pertains to my personal life, appropriately, will not be disclosed as that is irrelevant to the purpose of this project. 	
